how are things between you and John
hi work was good but I've been feeling a
little tired lately have you
you each have busy lives it's natural
don't worry kind of think of it
I have been a little tired you know what
it is yeah right
he went to the Rialto bar
hey John getting something remember you
had two beers until your girlfriend
finished your over your girlfriend
Elena convinced you John
I've never seen you in the daylight
before I'll see you tonight
why didn't you tell me about her I
didn't tell you how to girlfriend is
against the rule you have to break up
with him I'm not gonna do that
and you have to tell her about us if you
want then I will single body multi
consciousness
you're really not there are you I still
don't get this what are you
I've been seeing his old girlfriend you
have to tell what have you been doing
what's going on
I don't like it when the two of you
aren't getting along
you know how serious you have to do
something about her
I thought you were thriving but I was
wrong
something I need to tell you I love her
[Music]
you